people make mistakes and it's very
important that we don't jump to the
conclusion that they have some kind of
psychological problem just because they
make mistakes people tell lies with all
kinds of different motivations and it's
very important that we don't jump to the
conclusion that they have some kind of
psychological problem just because they
happen to have told a lie
this is part of the perpetual fog and
confusion of being an adult human being
on planet earth and I really do make an
effort to reach out to and communicate
with all the other flawed human beings
who are here on YouTube trying to pursue
and promote some kind of future for the
vegan movement for doing it for years
and guys crazy stories have been made up
about me on YouTube since day one of my
being on this platform and I mean I can
remember talking to somebody one on one
because a story had been made up that I
was trying to seduce another youtubers
girlfriend different stuff and the
actual situation was that that that girl
she was trying to sleep with vegan gains
she was like writing to me complaining
that vegan gains his wife was now mad at
her like like you know because she's
been hitting on vegan gains that he was
already married you know okay on a
one-on-one basis I'm gonna take the time
to try to defuse this situation before
the room gets out of control I remember
another youtuber writing to be in a
really hostile way assuming I was trying
to sleep with this girl I was like well
guess what sometimes truth is stranger
than fiction and you know people freaked
out and made up all these stories about
the financial arrangements when I
receive donations and hired a lawyer you
know among the people who are freaking
out and spreading lies and rumors on the
internet was was
foot soldier himself at that time I mean
I had to work so hard to communicate
with foot soldier himself with a whole
lot of mean-spirited malicious people
like foot soldier people like Joe best
who have now deleted their channels I
really had to take the time at every
stage when I played this game to deal
with people one on one face to face
through Skype or through email to try to
try to defuse you know just dishonest
hostility that's been directed towards
me all right and you in particular foot
soldier you're someone I now have years
and years of history with okay you and I
came through the durianrider thing
together you and I came through the
Chiangmai Frehley thing together however
you want to put it you and I came
through the Sugar Mountain Diet thing
together you and I survived the rise and
fall of noir vegan together foot soldier
was a target for noir vegans insane rage
almost to the same extent that I was he
seems to hate me even more than he hates
foot soldier foot soldier got dragged
through the mud and he saw all the
evidence about all the crazy claims okay
so you know foot you and I have been
through a lot together but if there's
one thing you should have noticed about
yourself in these many controversies and
conflicts that we've had that have
pitted you against me it's that you have
a suspiciously bad memory
you don't remember things the way they
actually happened and in in every case
that's involved the two of us I'm able
to tell you exactly what happened
because what happened is recorded on
film and you can still just click with a
mouse and see exactly what I said or
exactly what happened exactly when here
on YouTube so it's not just a case that
my memory is better than yours but I
have the ability to check exactly what
was said in an email exactly what was
said in a video so on and so forth foot
you were upset with me for years because
of something you imagined
I said in a video about Nina and Randa
for years and the last time I followed
up with you about it you revealed that
you actually had never seen the video
that was in question what I actually
said but even Aranda you commented to me
oh well that think this this is years
after oh well that thing you just said
there that that's reasonable but that
must have been something you said in a
later video made up after the fact
explained said no but that was the video
you created all this controversy but
this was what supposedly offended you so
much and back years ago when I was
trying to hash it out with him by email
you know I kept saying look will you go
back and look at the video and see what
I actually say I can quote for you what
I said but I didn't say what you think I
said you know this is just not the
reality I have tried to deal with this
guy in a positive and constructive way
through one controversy after another
and you know what foot soldier you have
not shown me goodwill you haven't you
put on the Internet
really a nasty vicious defamatory claim
that I can't speak Chinese that I can't
read and write Chinese and you made you
made this claim along with saying that
there were never any videos here on my
youtube channel of me speaking Chinese
fewer just searched my youtube channel
you would have actually found several
okay and I respond to you at first
willing to talk to you in love the same
way I diffused all these other
carnivores like okay what do you want to
talk to me about my experience learning
Chinese or something like you know what
do you wanna know the same way years
earlier when people got in touched me
saying hey what's the situation with you
paying this lawyer I take the time and
deal with it one on one and a few okay
and and you you know I mean foot soldier
again I don't know you seem to just not
remember things when it's convenient for
you to not remember them or you invent a
new memory that's self-serving and just
isn't true it doesn't reflect what you
actually said and what I actually did
and so on you really warp the past this
way but you know a foot soldier I've
made this kind of effort with you again
and again
again and you know whatever the bare
minimum is of human respect and decency
that you should show me in return
you're not doing it foot soldier you're
really not I'm just gonna ask you now
man-to-man I am gonna ask you to delete
the most recent video you made about me
I know you're not making any money out
of this you and I both we both know the
reality of YouTube it's not about money
it's about the future of the vegan
movement okay in that video I know from
your perspective you think you don't
have any bad intentions and you think
you're not misrepresenting me but please
keep in mind there was a time when you
defended during Ryder when you
propounded his lies against me when you
whitewashed what he had done and when
you vilified me and at that time you
didn't think you had any bad intentions
and you didn't think you were being
dishonest and the reality is if you look
back now with detachment you were really
malicious and you were really dishonest
and even the controversy between you and
I the conflict about Nina and Aranda
that I made I made an effort in in I
made a goodwill effort to try to settle
that with you okay and you never you
never reciprocated that goodwill you
were a complete [ __ ] to me the
controversy would need an Aranda you may
think you only had good intentions and
you were being honest if you look back
now you have to admit to yourself you
had bad intentions and you were being
dishonest you never actually watched
that video consider why's it because I
was completely willing to talk it
through with you I was well look if
you're offended by this this is what I
said that I didn't say this other thing
let's talk about it however it is you
feel about this I'm willing to make you
feel better I'm going to satisfy your
sense of umbrage what do you want to say
here okay
you may not realize footsoldier the
extent to which still to this day you
are lying about and misrepresenting what
I have said what my positions
but all I'm asking for now is for this
to stop please delete your most recent
video about me and please never make
another video with my name in it again
or spying me again that's what I'm
asking of you
I made a goodwill effort to address your
concerns about the statistical decline
of veganism on YouTube I showed you
charts I showed you statistics and my
efforts my sincere goodwill efforts to
flesh of the argument and demonstrate it
in response to again on your part what
was really not a sincere argument okay
you may have already forgotten this but
that inspired another guy named Theo
Theo is well known in terms of the you
but the vegan demi-monde here on YouTube
Theo's a well-known character Theo
did a lot of research and a lot of
computer programming to bring together
statistics from across all of YouTube so
he really did a kind of watertight
statistical analysis I also gave those
numbers to a journalist who wrote a
formal article on the internet it was
gonna say a newspaper article anything
it's on paper but there's an Internet
article that also gathers that all
together and looks at the numbers okay
your initial skepticism you thought it's
reasonable you made a skeptical claim
that only some vegan YouTube the YouTube
channels were declining but that others
were increasing and that it balanced out
okay we really took the time in good
faith to demonstrate you that's not the
case the decline in some in total is
very real okay we tried to have a
productive and sincere discussion about
it okay foot soldier I know that you
don't realize the extent to which you're
lying about and misrepresenting what
I've said I know that you don't realize
the extent to which you're engaging in
fallacious arguments you're really
presenting logical fallacies with no
sense of irony and no intentional crafty
design okay I do not want to be put into
a corner where I have to respond
- that kind of dishonest circuitous
argument okay and dude can you have a
little bit of respect for me think about
how many hours I put in think about how
many hours Theo put in to responding to
your complaints before in all of your
experience the internet do you know
anyone else who has been more generous
with their time you come to me with
completely insincere and malicious
complaints in relation to durianrider
in relation to Nina and Randa in
relation to my court case in relation to
whether not I speak Chinese completely
malicious completely informed you make
zero effort you don't even do a Google
search you just come to me with
allegations and defamation and insults
and I've got to take the time to talk
you down off a tree branch and say okay
well here's the here's the situation
here's the reality with me and Nina
Miranda Kerr's the reality with my core
case here's the reality with the history
of how many years have been studying
Chinese in my level book okay I do all
that and with this thing about declining
statistics on YouTube the level of
effort I put in and the level of effort
that you put in to educate you to show
you the facts to talk you through the
statistics what they mean and what they
don't mean how to get correct Google
Trends data how do a bunch case we put
in a lot of effort okay and I personally
have put in a lot of effort with you
foot soldier to cultivate you as a
colleague in the vegan movement and what
I'm asking for you to do now is to
delete your most recent video about me
and never speak to me again never talk
about me again cuz I'm done